Assignment 1 
English
Summary 

While a handful of articles note the roles that guns, poverty, families, and the organization of schools may play in youth violence in general, when reporters mention research to explain the shooters’ behavior, the vast majority of studies cited concern media effects, suggesting that video games are a central cause.   …  A 2001 meta-analysis in Psychological Science concluded that video games “will increase aggressive behavior,” while a similar review published that same year in a different journal found that “it is not possible to determine whether video game violence affects aggressive behavior.”   …  But their research was based on college undergraduates, not troubled teens, and it measured aggression in part by subjects’ speed in reading “aggressive” words on a computer screen or blasting opponents with sound after playing a violent video game.   …  “The evidence, say those who study violence in culture, is unassailable: Hundreds of studies in recent decades have revealed a direct correlation between exposure to media violence—now including video games— and increased aggression,” said the New York Times.   …  Young people are seen as passive media consumers, uniquely and uniformly vulnerable to media messages. missing media studies News reports of the shootings that focus on video games ignore other research on the meanings that audiences make from media culture.   …  Just as it is too simplistic to assert that video game violence makes players more prone to violence, news coverage alone, however dramatic or repetitive, cannot create consensus among the public that video games cause youth violence.   …  While the news media certainly asked what role the shooters’ parents may have played, the press tended to tread lightly on them, particularly the Kinkels of Springfield, Oregon, who were their son’s first murder victims.   

Karen Sternheimer thinks video games are not responsible for school shootings. 
She believes that the media has brings up irrelevant studies that generate inconclusive studies
There are other factor that are more prelivant that the media ignores.
In the article the media 
